hello Internet finally a chance to work
on the f-14 a little bit last night
I've got done so far today this is
mocking up the the main landing gear
trying to get an idea of what I'm going
to put in the airplane will get a
close-up shot in a second but you can
see flip the switch here gear doors and
the rotating mains and good at iff will
get a close up shot here in a second
it's built around a retracted that I
ordered in here last couple days it
doesn't rotate itself sore didn't have
to modify anything they're just added a
couple of linkages that should help take
pressure off of the main when its
landing and just basically getting my
measurements and everything so that when
I go and build the actual landing gear
for the bird we're going to be using
functional óleo sprout up the big tire
and once they actually you know measure
everything put it in there hopefully
it'll fit and it'll all work just as
smoothly as it does out here get a shot
of it working with the landing gear in
the appropriate position here we go nice
about these approaches there he retracts
knees a little bit of adjustment to
actually rotate up the full 90 degrees
like I should see where it wasn't
machine perfectly but to be honest to
begin to that close it'll show me the
door for this f-14 and it will be it
should be jealous ponch of course I've
got here for about half an hour's
watching the here go up and down I think
it should hold up pretty well so we'll
get you guys a closer shot okay here's a
close-up shot can see we've got there's
that retract just use some aluminum tube
that I had handy and just a depron wheel
just glued on there for for the side i'm
actually going about fifteen percent
larger than what would be scaled for the
19 so that's about a for something inch
wheel reason being that i want to make
sure since i'm going pusher prop i want
to make sure that i'm going to
the ground you can see the linkages here
right now they're just made out of
threaded rod and in just the little ball
link connectors the whole I will
probably do basically the same thing
they even put some carbon-fiber or
decorate them up a little bit so they
look a little bit cooler but this is the
idea we're just going to have this main
linkage here that runs back and will
connect into the fuselage and obviously
the air in front of the airplane is that
direction so that as its landing
beauties will actually pull tight and
keep the landing gear stress from
bending backward and like I said in the
beginning we're going to be using
functional óleo struts from robart just
very similar to the ones that I put in
the in the front they won't be scale
width but they'll should look pretty
good so let's hit the hit the switch
here
you